yes ah so what this website does is first the user in ah gives their resume to this website and the resume is passed ingested to graphrack and their resume is enriched to a level that we will find every minute details of the user and from there we are gathering every information about the user and we are saving into the graph data. Okay? So And the thing is, with that data, with the graph data, all the way... are we... are... and we are adding those data in VectorDB too. So what we are doing is, we we will have a a set of scraped jobs from throughout the internet, from Twitter, LinkedIn, some job portals where, you know, the people who are applying for jobs now, what they does is, They are applying the job portal and they are fluttered. They are... what... they are needle in a haystack. There are n number of people who are in the job portal and applying but most of the people won't get any callbacks. So what we are doing is, we will suggest the jobs from these scrape data with the graph rack. In the graph rack, everything is enriched. Every skills, every job every company, whatever they have done in the past, that is enriched and it is saved in the graph data. With those data, we are matching the jobs in rdb. And what we do is,

Yeah. What we do is we give a personalized email draft for that specific talent accusation team or the decision making people in the company using our enriched data of the user's resume. So what does this do? We are going to track this email from the... what... from the decision making people whom we are... whom the candidate is going to apply. With this, we will get a direct connection with the talent acquisition team or the decision making people in the company. And with this, there is more number of opportunities for directly contacting with these email... cold emails to the decision making people of that company rather than applying for the job portals. I personally myself had this experience where I have called multiple companies and people reached out to me in the past two three days where I have been up... what where I have been applying in job portals but I haven't really got any callbacks after that. So this is what website I am going to build. And so yeah, this is what website we are going to build and this... we have to some... somehow scrape these jobs from twitter, linkedin or any other job portals for, like, especially for startups. So people might not get in a huge win by applying cold emails to an mnc, so we are targeting the startups for now

So we are targeting start ups for now. Uh, for example, we will go to... we will get the data from the traction or trunk space website. From, like, the recently... what... a recently funded start ups for the past six months or a year. So the thing is the recent, uh, fundus start ups, uh, after getting fund... funding, they will post many job opportunities or they are ready to hire interns or full time employees by the time are they are getting funded. So I think that is our golden spoon... ungolden opportunity for candidates to apply for those company and get, what, get replies faster and land on a job quicker. So, yeah, this is what the company is... what the website is going to do. Let's plan now.